= Echo Base
Is a starting point for fast prototyping of Rails 3 apps

Generate a Rails 3 app, then include the gem in your Gemfile:

    group :development do
      gem 'echo_base'
    end
    
Bundle and then run the generator:

    rails g echo_base "my awesome app name"
    
The generator will add the gems listed below, along with the default layout/theme from the web-app-theme gem, and a very basic setup for omniauth. After running the generator, add your api keys to config/omniauth.yml and then:

    bundle install
    rake db:migrate

And you're ready to get spiking

Check out the docs on web-app-theme at http://github.com/pilu/web-app-theme for examples of how to make use oo the layout generators

==Gems included:

* Omniauth (http://github.com/intridea/omniauth)
* Rspec2 (http://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec)
* Infinity Test (http://github.com/tomas-stefano/infinity_test)
* Cucumber (http://github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber)
* Capybara (http://github.com/jnicklas/capybara)
* Factory Girl (http://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl)
* Webmock (http://github.com/bblimke/webmock)
* Capistrano (http://github.com/capistrano/capistrano)
* New Relic (http://github.com/newrelic/rpm)
* Hoptoad (http://github.com/thoughtbot/hoptoad_notifier)
* Jquery Rails (http://github.com/indirect/jquery-rails)
* Will Paginate (http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate)
* Dalli (http://github.com/mperham/dalli)
* Web App Theme (http://github.com/pilu/web-app-theme)

==Coming soon

* Better layouts/cleaner markup
* Formatastic integration
* Full test suite for all generated files (cuke/rspec)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Seenmyfate. See LICENSE for details.